Add DokuWiki to mash (#386)
mother-of-all-self-hosting/mash-playbook: docs/supported-services.md

| [Docker Registry Browser](https://github.com/klausmeyer/docker-registry-browser) | Web Interface for the Docker Registry HTTP API V2 written in Ruby on Rails | [Link](services/docker-registry-browser.md) |
| [Docker Registry Proxy](https://gitlab.com/etke.cc/docker-registry-proxy/) | Pass-through docker registry (distribution) proxy with metadata caching, docker-compatible errors, prometheus metrics, etc. | [Link](services/docker-registry-proxy.md) |
| [Docker Registry Purger](https://github.com/devture/docker-registry-purger) | A small tool used for purging a private Docker Registry's old tags | [Link](services/docker-registry-purger.md) |

> | [Dokuwiki](https://dokuwiki.org) | A wiki engine with simple syntax that works without a database | [Link](services/dokuwiki.md) |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| [DokuWiki](https://dokuwiki.org/) | A lightweight, file-based wiki engine with intuitive syntax and no database requirements | [Link](services/dokuwiki.md) |
```
